#+TITLE: Meeting Notes
* Weekly Meeting Guidelines
- Happens every Tuesday @ 09:30
- Reminder should be sent in slack group chat the previous night
- Meeting is voice chat @ https://meet.jit.si/wewantbird
- Morgan takes notes and adds them to this document


1. Deliver Reports of what was accomplished since last meeting
2. Discuss any impediments
3. Discuss any impediments expected for the next week (example: lack
   of time due to midterms or travel)
4. Assign work for the next week
* Project Meeting Notes
** Meeting <2020-12-08 Tue>
*** Agenda
- review final report
** Meeting <2020-12-03 Fri 09:30-11:30>
- determined timeline for final report
- filmed project demo video
** Meeting <2020-11-27 Fri 14:30>
*** To be done for this meeting
- GUI started
- Database integrated
- Door Node Code changes
- Control server changes
** Meeting <2020-11-24 Tue 09:30>
*** To be done for this meeting
- Control Server Code (Morgan + Sunny)
  - Database integration
- Door Node Code (Mario)
  - Handle hardware
- GUI Research (Sam)
** Meeting 9 <2020-10-28 Tue 18:00-22:00>
*** Minutes
Worked on design document.
*** TODOs
**** Everyone
- Write hardware stubs for your hardware
**** Sam
- Make electronic-lock-schematic.png slightly prettier
- Combine all class diagrams
- Add electronic lock to ?? schematic
- Create python classes to facilitate message transfer
**** Mario
- Flow chart stuff
  - Based off of class diagrams to be done by Sam
- Add more tests
- Reformat and sort tests
- Make list in problem statement a group of functional requirements (in terms
  of tasks or behaviors) instead of a list of parts
  - Prioritize the functional requirements
***** Sam's comment that might help you
Functional requirements:
- Control access to a building using security badges.
- Require users to present their security badge when they enter or exit the
  building in order to track the number of users in the building.
- Measure user's temperatures when they are entering the building in order to
  determine if they have possible symptoms.
- The door node should have a range sensor to determine whether users are in
  an appropriate position for a temperature reading.
- Do not allow more users to enter the building if the a preset maximum
  capacity has been reached.
- An multicoloured LED at each door node should indicate be used to indicate
  the status of the door node. The LED should be normally red when the door is
  locked and should change to green when the door is unlocked. The LED should
  be orange when in the process of taking a temperature reading if the user is
  not within an appropriate range of the temperature sensor.
**** Sunny
- Please write a description of the database schema
- Update database schema
- End-to-end tests
- Create database test stub
** Meeting 8 <2020-10-20 Tue 09:30>
*** Agenda
- Design Peer Review Integration
** Meeting 7 <2020-10-13 Tue 09:30>
*** Minutes
- Sam demoed his ThingSpeak code (very cool, much wow)
- Determined project design schedule
*** Project Design Roles
- flow chart for testing
**** Sam
- demo plan 3
- design overview text
- software design text
- Hardware design text
- temperature sensor
  - relevant hardware specification
  - test plan 2 a
- communication protocol table
- Related Class diagrams
- door node circuit diagram
**** Sunny
- Problem statement
- Project Update
- Database table design (help from Sam)
- Related Class diagrams
- test plan demo plan 1
- test plan demo 2 b
**** Mario
- NFC
  - relevant hardware specification
  - test plan 2 a
- Related Class diagrams
- flow chart for door interface
- flow chart for server:door messaging
**** Morgan
- motor
  - relevant hardware specification
  - test plan 2 a
- UML Architectural diagram
- Message sequence diagram(s)
- Related Class diagrams
** Meeting 6 <2020-10-06 Tue 09:30-10:10>
*** Minutes
- preliminary project design discussions
** Meeting 5 <2020-10-01 Thu 08:30-10:15>
- Reviewed proposal feedback and made changes
** Meeting 4 <2020-09-29 Tue 09:30-11:30>
*** Agenda
- Review proposal draft together
*** Minutes
- We reviewed the proposal and made some changes
*** TODOs
- Everyone: Touch up proposal as we discussed
- Morgan: Email the prof asking if we should include the actors in our
  deployment diagram
** Meeting 3 <2020-09-22 Tue 09:30-11:00>
*** Agenda
- Research project concepts
  - Look into hardware price/availability/complexity
*** Completed
- Finalized Project Idea
*** TODOs
- Everyone: Review proposal draft posted on Monday and bring written
  comments to next meeting
- Sam: Update readme with hardware research
- Morgan: Email Prof to confirm our project concept is approved
**** Proposal
***** Timeline
****** Content
<2020-09-27 Sun 12:00>
****** Latex formatting + send PDF to slack
<2020-09-28 Mon>
***** Sunny
- Executive Summary
  - Problem Statement
  - Motivation
  - Objective
  - Goals
  - Scope
***** Morgan
- deployment diagram
- door usage diagram
- hardware block diagram
***** Sam
- Test Plan
- Milestones and Timeline
- Latex formatting
***** Mario
- proposed solution
  - Server database
  - GUI
  - Integrate Morgan's diagrams
** Meeting 2 <2020-09-18 10:00-12:20>
*** Agenda
- Discuss Project Ideas
- Finalizing team contract
*** Completed
- Team contract
- Initial draft of proposal of a door monitoring system
** Meeting 1 <2020-09-17 10:30-11:30>
- Assigned Morgan "Secretary" role for weekly meetings
- Assigned Sam "Submit deliverables" role
- Created meeting guidelines (found [[https://github.com/MorganJamesSmith/sysc3010_group_project/blob/master/readme.org#weekly-meeting-guidelines][here]])
- Discussed team contract
- Created a readme to track progress, expectations, and meeting notes
  (found [[https://github.com/MorganJamesSmith/sysc3010_group_project/blob/master/readme.org][here]])
- Scheduled Meeting 2
*** To be completed before meeting 2
- All members: Review
  https://github.com/MorganJamesSmith/sysc3010_group_project/blob/master/readme.org
  and provide comments
- All members: Review all project requirements (Fact check + add information to
  this readme)
